Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.
Chuck Norris taught Tiger Woods how to play golf and sleep with women.
Chuck Norris doesn't dial the wrong number. You answered the wrong phone.
Some kids piss their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.
If Chuck Norris was a Spartan in the movie 300, the movie would be called 1.
Chuck Norris does not wear a condom because there is no protection from Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris turned 18, his parents moved out.
The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain.
The most dangerous form of transportation is Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick, it is also the fastest.
Chuck Norris doesn't like bugs. Thats why the Beatles stopped making music
Once you go Chuck Norris, you are physically unable to go back.
Chuck Norris once ate a skittle and gave birth to EMINEM!
Chuck Norris CAN understand women.
Chuck Norris doesn't dodge bullets, they dodge him.
When you say "no one's perfect", Chuck Norris takes this as a personal insult.
A Chuck Norris action figure has slept with more women than you.
Chuck Norris can stain stainless steel.
Chuck Norris puts the fist in pacifist.
Genies ask Chuck Norris for wishes.
Chuck Norris doesn't spell words wrong. No one else spell them right.
Chuck Norris can breathe underwater.
The government pays Chuck Norris taxes.
There's a 99.9% chance, Chuck Norris is your biological father.
If you flip over China its says made by Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris swims in the ocean, the sharks are in a steel cage.
When Chuck Norris jumps on a tempurpedic mattress, the glass of wine falls over.
Sharks have a week dedicated to Chuck Norris.
The last time Chuck Norris cooked dinner... Jesus and the disciples had reservations.
Kim Kardashian secretly wishes she had an ass like Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris only masturbates to pictures of Chuck Norris.
Before he forgot to give Chuck Norris a present, Santa Clause was real.
Chuck Norris does not simply kill you, he kills you until your dead.
Chuck Norris can punch a hurricane in the eye.
Vampires and Chuck Norris have a symbiotic relationship The Sun Doesn't set, it Runs when it sees Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris throws a boomerang, the boomerang does not return because it is scared to come back.
When Chuck Norris works out he doesn't get stronger, the machine does.
Meat now comes in four grades, Select, Choice, Prime, and Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch, HE decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris gave Mona Lisa that smile.
Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is why World of Warcraft is abbreviated as WoW.
The Original Name For the game "Street Fighter" was "Spawn of Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd; no one fools Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't beg to differ, he says what's right and gives you two seconds to correct yourself.
Chuck Norris doesn't brush his teeth. He points his fist at his mouth and the plaque jumps out.
Chuck Norris turned the " Church of Scientology" to "Chuck Norris' House of Pain."
There is only one known cure for lesbianism, Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't say "who's your daddy", because he knows the answer.
The clock on Chuck Norris' VCR programs itself for fear of retaliation.
Chuck Norris does not love Raymond.
The only reason the color pink still exists is because Chuck Norris is color blind.
Chuck Norris can make apple juice with oranges.
America didn't win the American Revolution. Chuck Norris beat the British by himself. Drunk.
A bulletproof vest wears Chuck Norris for protection.
Mike Tyson chipped a tooth on Chuck Norris' ear.
Ford Trucks have a new Chuck Norris warning sensor, apparently he think's their motto (Are You Ford Tough?) is a challenge.
Chuck Norris does not hunt. Chuck Norris goes killing.
Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now The Islands.
The most effective form of suicide known to man is to type "Chuck Norris" into Google and hit "I'm Feeling Lucky!".
